well work you do for the environment is
too important I've got to protect you oh
I'm sorry bill I can't control myself
what with all these big boned Betty's
walking around here took a no fail to
our wash and to our country but not
everyone has with you and Hillary how so
true my one and only all right that was
a clip from the hit TV s show Frank TV
the second season premieres tomorrow and
here with us live via satellite at some
ungodly hour and Phoenix comedian
impressionist frank caliendo's good
morning Frank hi how are you I'm doing
great but I have to confess something to
you I've been seeing you in my dreams
because if you watch baseball on TBS
your promotion is on every 30 seconds on
the 30 seconds so I've seen more of you
than that said like know why I had no
idea it's amazing when you hear things
like it's amazing what you do things
like slider low it away you tell that
pitch was a slider by the rotation of
the Frank TV logo on the baseball Eddie
you're actually not exaggerating with
that now you're you're George Bush is
spot-on you're one of the most talented
people out there I've always said that
but you've only got a couple months left
with George W Bush is this a sad time
for you Frank well here's your thing and
I'll still be around you know in working
out things and Jimmy Carter still around
you know we think about that you know if
these guys
you know Bill Clifton that guy was
talking to companies for a while maybe
I'll go do that you know yeah you know
it's this bailout thing we gotta gotta
keep bailing and bailing it's like it's
like when you're working on a farm need
to bale of hay this is just financial
and staff and the amazing part is that's
thing an actual transcript of George
Bush all right I've got Courtney
hayslett with us here is Gordon Courtney
here I've got a question for you it
seems to me that everybody who's
throwing their hat in this impersonation
came nobody can really nail Barack Obama
it's nearly impossible why is it from
your perspective that he's so hard to
get right uh well I think people are III
do think some people are scared because
they don't know where they can go with
it we have a guy Freddy Lockhart who on
Frank TV who does do a pretty good Obama
I mean I felt it's weird because McCain
for me is pretty simple it's thumbs up
awkward smile you know it's always about
friends friends we must do this together
my friends you know he's never seen the
show friends but you tried to get
someone he has any hip you know like
good friends with my favorite show
phobia which my favorite character you
know but obama obama is somewhere it's
weird because obama somewhere between
Ted Koppel and an alien and I hear me
out of this because it had a couple
talks like this here's Ted Koppel right
there and I am at least in my dreams is
kind of like that so you can buy the to
its Barack Obama it's very and he always
sounds inspirational that can't last
forever right like you know it can't be
like I have a hangnail America we have
hangnails to why does it sound so good
when you say I have a hangnail to my
friends it's 71 years old you're perhaps
best known and rightfully so for your
John Madden impersonation how do you
think John Madden might break down this
presidential campaign
I think the thing that it really comes
to mind is all the negative campaigning
I mean you got guys who don't like the
other guy in this obvious you don't like
one guy the other guy doesn't like the
other guy and then it's a cake book can
you say that we might not be true but
sounds gay the truth ND look it up and
boom it's not true anymore if you
anybody watches football if you knew how
dead on and how scary that it's it's
unbelievable another sports guy who do
really well Charles Barkley he suggested
he might run for the Governor of Alabama
how do you think those prospects look
hey yeah could you imagine those
political ass I would not vote for my
opponent that guy's a knucklehead that's
a terrible terrible really bad decision
to vote for him vote for me knucklehead
come on don't be a turkey okay what I
could go for some turkey right now do
you have a certain no I you know I think
Tina Fey has that so nailed on Saturday
Night Live that it's tough to stay away
I mean you should stay away from and I
think it's so identified with that and i
actually did letterman the Letterman
Show with with her the other night she
was very nice by the way and but yeah it
just seems like everybody's thinking of
her already so to put that in the show
we take a lot of this stuff in advance
so I'm actually good week glad we didn't
do it because it's so identifiable
Saturday Night Live now we do a little
bit of politics at the beginning on
Frank TV but we end up doing more pop
culture movies television kind of stuff
and just it just be in generally goofy
although Franco will say like Tina Fey
the physical similarities between you
and Sarah Palin are absolutely hearing
it's really it's uncanny but this show
is really good Corey I know you've seen
a frank TV some people we have in show
business they're kind of talented you're
an actor I could do that this is an
actual talent something that no one else
can do it's a little creepy and that's a
compliment Frank Caliendo is an amazing
talent and it's a great show Frank so
thanks so much for being with us
appreciate fat my friends catch new
episodes of Frank TV returning tomorrow
night on TBS that's Frank Caliendo